Revamp Service Bindings docs for RPC (#13252)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/rpc/visibility.md

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Visibility and Security Model
meta:
  title: Workers RPC — Visibility and Security Model
  description: Which properties are and are not exposed to clients that communicate with your Worker or Durable Object via RPC
---

# Visibility and Security Model

## Security Model

The Workers RPC system is intended to allow safe communications between Workers that do not trust each other. The system does not allow either side of an RPC session to access arbitrary objects on the other side, much less invoke arbitrary code. Instead, each side can only invoke the objects and functions for which they have explicitly received stubs via previous calls.

This security model is commonly known as Object Capabilities, or Capability-Based Security. Workers RPC is built on [Cap'n Proto RPC](https://capnproto.org/rpc.html), which in turn is based on CapTP, the object transport protocol used by the [distributed programming language E](https://www.crockford.com/ec/etut.html).

## Visibility of Methods and Properties

### Private properties

> [Private properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_properties) of classes are never exposed over RPC.

Reviewer: `never` is just a little too strong, given that I can return those _values_ in a (getter) function if I chose to, as per the example below. I just don't want it to sound like we're magically [tainting](https://react.dev/reference/react/experimental_taintObjectReference) the value somehow.

```suggestion
[Private properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_properties) of classes are not directly exposed over RPC.
```

### Class instance properties

When you send an instance of an application-defined class, the recipient can only access methods and properties declared on the class, not properties of the instance. For example:

```js
class Foo extends RpcTarget {
  constructor() {
    super();

    // i CANNOT be accessed over RPC
    this.i = 0;

    // funcProp CANNOT be called over RPC
    this.funcProp = () => {}
  }

  // value CAN be accessed over RPC
  get value() {
    return this.i;
  }

  // method CAN be called over RPC
  method() {}
}
```

> This behavior is intentional —  it is intended to protect you from accidentally exposing private class internals. Generally, instance properties should be declared private, [by prefixing them with `#`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_properties). However, private properties are a relatively new feature of JavaScript, and are not consistently used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior is intentional — it is intended to protect you from accidentally exposing private class internals. Generally, instance properties should be declared private, [by prefixing them with `#`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_properties). However, private properties are a relatively new feature of JavaScript, and are not yet widely used in the ecosystem.
```
